## Order Line

`appliedDiscounts` - [discounts](appliedDiscounts.md)

`basePrice`	- number - Base price of the order with all its included products in the cart.

`basePriceExTax` - number - Base price of the order with all its included products in the cart excluding tax.

`basePriceExTaxInCent` - number - Base price of the order with all its included products in the cart excluding tax in cents.

`basePriceInCent` - number - Base price of the order with all its included products in the cart in cents.

`basePriceIncTax` - number - Base price of the order with all its included products in the cart including tax.

`basePriceIncTaxInCent` - - number - Base price of the order with all its included products in the cart including tax in cents.

`cancelledAt`	

`created_at` - The autogenerated date and time (ISO 8601 format) when the order was created in Shopify. The value for this property cannot be changed.

`entryRef` - string

`gtin` - string - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) can be used by a company to uniquely identify all of its trade items. 

`id` - string - Unigue id of the order line.

`orderId`- string - Unigue id of the order.

`orderRef` - string - Unigue Ref of the order.

`processedAt` - The date and time (ISO 8601 format) when an order was processed. This value is the date that appears on your orders and that's used in the analytic reports. If you're importing orders from an app or another platform, then you can set processed_at to a date and time in the past to match when the original order was created.

`productId` - string - Unigue id of the product.

`productRef` - string - Unigue Ref of the product.

`quantity` - integer - Quantity of the product in the order. 

`refundAmount` - number - Amount that is returned as a refund.

`refundAmountInCent` - integer - Amount that is returned as a refund in cents.

`returnId` - integer - Unique id of the order being returned. 

`returnedAt` - The date and time (ISO 8601 format) when an order was returned. 

`returnedQuantity` - integer - Quantity of the product being returned. 

`shippedQuantity` - integer - Quantity of the product being shipped. 

`totalAmount` - number

`totalAmountBeforeDiscount`	- number

`totalAmountBeforeDiscountInCent` - integer

`totalAmountExTax` - number

`totalAmountInCent` - integer

`totalAmountIncTax`	- number

`totalAmountIncTaxInCent` - integer

`updated_at` - he date and time (ISO 8601 format) when an order was returned. 
